针对空缺研究
good story and good data
function of introduction：
	简单介绍
	global idea

分析和结果

学术论文语言特色：
1、术语和专业性语言的使用，确保精准性和准确性；
2、科学、客观、中立的表达方式，避免主观情感和价值判断；
3、逻辑严密、思路清晰、结构合理，体现学术思辨的深度和广度；

formal:
	use formal words
	use one-word verbs instead of phrasal verbs
		Academic Word List(AWL)
	avoid contractions, colloquialisms or slang
	avoid the use of rhetorical questions
	use long and complex sentence(conjunction, relative pronoun)

Objective:
	use the passive voice
	avoid using 1st,2st person pronouns
	avoid words that have emotional or personal feeling
	use of nominalization
		use nouns to replace verbs
		use nouns to replace adj	
		use nouns to replace setences

Cautions:
	use "hedging" expressions or vague language
	use a cautious tone in academic writing
avoid plagiarism:
	in-text referencing / end-text referencing
logic:
	1.use pronouns
	2.use logic connectors
	3.being consistent in the connotation and denotation of the concept

research methodlogy = research design
1)how is the porblem studies
->matrials
->experimental design
->data score & analysis
Qualitative research(定性研究)
	include interview, participant observations, objects analysis, mainly involve why and how
Quantitative research(定量研究)
	aminly involve the use of structured questionnaires or surveys
Components of research design
	1)research questions
		1)描述性问题 
		2)相关性问题
		3)差异性问题
	2)research subjects
		选择方式---？？？
		table to show
	3)research instruments
		name,问卷的来源(source)，问卷的内容(content)， 如果使用问卷调查，注意计分标准，可靠度
	4)research procedure（可以不写）
	5)data collection
		1）收集的数量和有效
		2）如何分析，处理









良好的专注度和耐力，在学习过程中表现出较高的专注度和耐力，能够集中注意力完成任务。
对于课堂的参与不积极。


优秀学生会积极参与课堂讨论和活动，发表自己的见解和问题，应该更加积极的参与课堂活动与提问


- Academic papers need to use formal language, avoiding slang, colloquialisms, and abbreviations.In future writing, I will follow the rules of academic writing, using formal language, including avoiding slang and colloquialisms, using a word verb, etc. This can make my copywriting more professional and more suitable for publication in professional settings.
- Use objective language, try to avoid first- or second-person pronouns, use passive voice and nounization to maintain objectivity.In the future writing process, I will try to maintain objective language, use passive voice and nounization, and avoid using first- or second-person pronouns. This preserves the objectivity of the article and increases persuasiveness.
- In academic papers, expressions should be used carefully, using "wording" expressions, and trying to avoid using too many subjective expressions.In my future writing, I will use "wording" to strengthen my expression, using words such as "probably", "seeming", "maybe" and so on to express my opinion, leaving room for myself and expressing my respect.
- Academic papers should pay attention to literature citation and try to avoid plagiarism.In my future writing, I will pay attention to literature citation to avoid plagiarism and infringement. I will reasonably quote the research of other scholars to make my articles more convincing and in line with academic norms.
